add documentation for Skip field import If value exists #7460 (#156)
mautic/mautic-documentation: pages/09.contacts/02.import-contacts/docs.en.md

## Tips

- Use a header row, with the column names matching the Mautic Contact [Custom Field][custom fields] names.  This way Mautic automatically pre-selects the mapping for you.  For example if you name the first name column as `firstname`, this field will be mapped automatically to [`{contactfield=firstname}`][variables].

> - When you make your mapping, you have an option to skip the import on fields where a value is already existing on the contact. That setting will allow you to avoid erasing already existing data in your Mautic contacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When you set up your mapping, you have an option to skip the import on fields where a value already exists on the Contact record. This setting will allow you to avoid erasing already existing data in your Mautic Contacts.
```
